Hi. My name is Balaji Srinivasan.
I'm the CTO of Coinbase.
Okay, so, why is identity important in blockchain?
So, on the one hand,
you think of cryptocurrencies being this pseudonymous or anonymous thing,
so where does identity comes in?
Well, when you use your credit card,
the reason that your name is on the credit card is
your debiting from your account rather than somebody else's when you swipe it.
So, there has to be some kind of identity match in
electronic database and there's a minus to your account and a plus to theirs.
In the same way, when you move cryptocurrency from one address to another,
you are effectively presenting
a digital signature that shows that you control that address, right?
You're signing a transaction and that shows you have control over
the amount of cryptocurrency that's
at this address that you can move it to somewhere else.
That signature is itself fact of an identity mechanism.
That's why identities [inaudible].